ClassDojo's goal is to give every child on Earth an education they love.

We started by building a powerful network for communication. ClassDojo's flagship app is the #1 communication app connecting K-12 teachers, children, and families globally. Teachers use it to share what's happening throughout the day through photos, videos, and messages that make parents feel like they're there. It's actively used in over 95% of US schools, reaching over 45 million children in 180 countries, with a team of just around 200 people [1]. We are now beginning to use this network to give kids the best learning experiences in the world, far beyond those a standard school can provide.

We hire for talent density. Our team comprises the most talented, entrepreneurial, and innovative teammates from around the world, with experience in education and large scale consumer internet companies, including Instagram, Netflix, Dropbox, Stripe, Uber, Y Combinator, and more. We're building a company where the most talented people want to work. We believe you'll do the best work of your life here—and you'll pioneer the future of education, too.

What you'll do:
Create and scale new consumer products for our network of tens of millions of children and families, building a global consumer education business. You'll grow ClassDojo from where we are to our next order of magnitude, while deepening love for our brand.

You'll work closely with our co-founders, CTO, Head of Product, Head of Marketing, and cross-functional teams to invent and test exciting long-term ideas. You'll work at both a strategic and tactical level, turning data, research, and intuition into products and experiences that tens of millions of children will love.

You will be a match if:

You have at least 4 years of experience in product management.

You might be a good fit if:

You've achieved product-market fit with new consumer products

You have experience as a founder, or equivalent level of accountability

You've monetized consumer products, ideally subscription products or marketplaces

You have a strong grasp of product strategy

You have strong product intuition, and good taste

You enjoy speaking with customers, and conducting qualitative user research to inform direction

You have strong quantitative skills and comfort with evaluation

You work well in resource-constrained environments

You move faster than is comfortable—you are an instigator

Your written and spoken communication is clear and concise

[1] Some more context:

(If you are on LinkedIn, you will not be able to access the hyperlinks below. Once you click apply, you will be directed to our career website (if you are not on there already) and will be able to access the hyperlinks)

How ClassDojo Connects Parents, Students, and Teachers

"Whats New on ClassDojo 2023"

TechCrunch Article: Second Act comes with First Profits

Click here if you're interested in learning more about what we've been up to.

We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. In accordance with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. We are happy to accommodate any disabilities or special needs. We are a distributed company, so we hire regardless of location, as long as you are willing to have significant hours overlap with one of the Americas time zones.

ClassDojo takes a number of factors into consideration when determining compensation, including geographic location, experience, and skillset. Salary ranges (United States):

CA, WA, NY, NJ, CT states: $188,000 - $280,000 (USD)

All other states in the US: $159,800 - $238,000 (USD)

#LI-Remote
